Import selected AI deployment sections (#97)
SUSE/doc-suse-ai: tasks/observability-settingup-ai.adoc

include::../common/generic-attributes.adoc[]
// overridden title?
ifdef::override-title[]
= {override-title}
endif::[]
ifndef::override-title[]
= Setting up {sobservability} for {productname}
endif::[]
// overridden abstract?
ifdef::override-abstract[]
{override-abstract}
endif::[]
ifndef::override-abstract[]
{sobservability} integrated with the {suseai} Observability Extension monitors and analyzes enterprise artificial intelligence (AI) workloads across cluster environments.
Tracking metrics, logs and traces in real time enables proactive performance tuning, simplifies troubleshooting, and maintains optimal cluster health.

> Deploy this solution in either single-cluster or multi-cluster environments to establish unified telemetry pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{sobservability} integrated with the {suseai} Observability Extension monitors and analyzes enterprise artificial intelligence (AI) workloads across cluster environments.
Tracking metrics, logs and traces in real time enables proactive performance tuning, simplifies troubleshooting and maintains optimal cluster health.
Deploy this solution in single-cluster or multi-cluster environments to establish unified telemetry pipelines.
```
